# SlateTasksTeacher

Provides a view of multiple students' progress along a list of competencies, typically those of an entire content area.

## Application Structure

The following files are all needed to build and load the application.

- `"app.json"` - The application descriptor which controls how the application is
   built and loaded.
- `"app.js"` - The file that launches the application. This is primarily used to
   launch an instance of the `MyApp.Application` class.
- `"index.html"` - The default web page for loading this application during
   development. This can be customized in `"app.json"`.
- `"build.xml"` - The entry point for Sencha Cmd to access the generated build
   script. This file is a place where you can hook into these processes and tune
   them. See the comments in that file for more information.

These files can be ignored from source control as they are regenerated by the build
process.

- `"build"` - This folder contain the output of the build. The generated CSS file,
   consolidated resources and concatenated JavaScript file are all stored in this
   folder.
- `"bootstrap.*"` - These files are generated by the build and watch commands to
   enable the application to load in "development mode".

    app/                # Contains JavaScript code
        model/          # Data model classes
        view/           # Views as well as ViewModels and ViewControllers
        store/          # Data stores
        controller/     # Global / application-level controllers

    overrides/          # JavaScript code that is automatically required

    sass/
        etc/            # Misc Sass code (all.scss is imported by default)
        var/            # Sass variable and mixin declarations
        src/            # Sass rules

    resources/          # Assets such as images, fonts, etc.

See the [Sass readme](sass/Readme.md) for details on the "sass" folder.

## Overrides

The contents of "overrides" folders are automatically required and included in
builds. These should not be explicitly mentioned in "requires" or "uses" in code.
This area is intended for overrides like these:

    Ext.define('SlateDemonstrationsStudent.overrides.foo.Bar', {
        override: 'Ext.foo.Bar',
        ...
    });

Such overrides, while automatically required, will only be included if their target
class ("Ext.foo.Bar" in this case) is also required. This simplifies applying
patches or extensions to other classes.
